[Docs] Update docs about App Bridge usage (#945)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

- Added `Stack.Item` properties and description to [style guide](https://polaris.shopify.com)’s ([#772](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/772))
- Added accessibility documentation to the resource list and data table components ([#927](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/927))
- Added accessibility recommendations for the caption component ([#928](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/928/))

> - Updated docs about App Bridge usage in AppProvider ([#945](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/945))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Shopify App Bridge documentation for the app provider component ([#945](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/945))
```
